[Tor Trac #29613]: Make relays into exits when ExitRelay is auto and IPv6Exit is 1 (#944)
torproject/tor: doc/tor.1.txt

    exit according to the ExitPolicy option, the ReducedExitPolicy option,
    or the default ExitPolicy (if no other exit policy option is specified). +
 +
    If ExitRelay is set to 0, no traffic is allowed to exit, and the
    ExitPolicy, ReducedExitPolicy, and IPv6Exit options are ignored. +
 +
    If ExitRelay is set to "auto", then Tor checks the ExitPolicy,

>     ReducedExitPolicy, and IPv6Exit options. If either is set, Tor behaves

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ReducedExitPolicy, and IPv6Exit options. If at least one of these options is set, Tor behaves
```

>     as if ExitRelay were set to 1. If neither exit policy option is set, Tor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    as if ExitRelay were set to 1. If none of these exit policy options is set, Tor
```
